hello guys today we are in a new
video and today I bring you a tutorial of a
tutorial at once is a sin but to the
time is a tutorial and a gameplay of what
damn just say good I'm
talking about an emulator that is the
drastic that is the one of nintendo ds
honestly one of the best I've ever
tested and which will also leave you with
a game the super mario bros
obviously the nintendo ds and well
let's move on to what is first the
installation you are going to go to the
description of this video and they are going to
find the link to download these
two files then they will be in their
folder dubbing once downloaded and
that would be the new super Mario Bros and the
emulator the emulator is pay is
all cracked without any problem and
well, the game will remain points and
it is not
do not decompress it or anything and well
let's see ya good I forgot
mention them
the emulator already know how to install
down land in the dweller in install and
ready nothing happens absolutely there is no
nothing out of the other world and so good
now let's open what is the
emulator
is this drastic the first thing that tends to
do is give in the new game
and they're going to give him here and they're going to go to his
folder where they have the game downloaded
in this case in dollars because there
they have and here is new super mario bros
and they give him star game
the emulator is good is very good
It's very good with how fluent I am
run the emulator because it depends on what
so good is your device remember
that I currently use an engine
well let's see let's go as nintendo ds
It has two stripes I say two screens I
shows them in this case here so good
what you sell first in mario
game to start the game I have a
game we start let's start from
zero let's create a new good world
and once they gave him they saw that they are
small what they have to do is
give it in on this date that is here and
give it in this option here as you see it
see on giant screen good almost
totally great good the game well
start and you know the browser that
wants to play the princess but it says
mario oh my god my princess I run
run
and to evans a mario and in chinga they go to
chase good that's the inside of the
game and there it appears is very well the
I really liked the game and so
to start playing you know mario bros
jump breaks the mushroom and already
they know what Mario does normally
the game very fluid and for today and this
emulator has to save the game
bet you give him here in this
date and they give him in shame and they give him 10
and the game is saved well
ej
now suppose they will kill me to kill me
they took things away from me because I gave it here and
they have
good is that they have to save it as
twice but I mean if you
they are going to regenerate the last
point where they kept means that
they could be immortal in this game I
he understood they had this well was in this
this vato is drugged
and if the mario developers are the
they raffled a little
and you and they are going to give me your life they are going to give me
two life
two lives two good lives to run
fast is the y and then with the high
It's great Mario is worth it
and they see that the game runs more than well
and well, that would practically be
all the tutorial or video but before
finish the video I would like to thank and
it's thanks to that ok
Well, let's see how many subscribers
I have to thank my subscribers
and uploads
[Music]
the last video that we have uploaded we are going to
see how many writers I have we go
at 200
well thank you very much for being here in
the channel know I do not have much time
to upload videos but here they are to
despite everything and thank you very much for that
you are faithful subscribers
and well, guys, that was everything and
if you liked the X subscribe
to the channel because they see that it is growing
little by little and see you until the next
bye